c:\users\josuper\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TesteDoisProject\TesteDoisProject\bin\TesteDoisProject.dll
c:\users\josuper\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TesteDoisProject\TesteDoisProject\bin\TesteDoisProject.pdb
c:\users\josuper\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TesteDoisProject\TesteDoisProject\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\josuper\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TesteDoisProject\TesteDoisProject\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\josuper\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TesteDoisProject\TesteDoisProject\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\josuper\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TesteDoisProject\TesteDoisProject\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\josuper\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TesteDoisProject\TesteDoisProject\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\josuper\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TesteDoisProject\TesteDoisProject\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\josuper\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TesteDoisProject\TesteDoisProject\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
c:\users\josuper\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TesteDoisProject\TesteDoisProject\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\josuper\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TesteDoisProject\TesteDoisProject\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\josuper\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TesteDoisProject\TesteDoisProject\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\josuper\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TesteDoisProject\TesteDoisProject\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\josuper\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TesteDoisProject\TesteDoisProject\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\josuper\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TesteDoisProject\TesteDoisProject\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\josuper\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TesteDoisProject\TesteDoisProject\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\josuper\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TesteDoisProject\TesteDoisProject\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\josuper\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TesteDoisProject\TesteDoisProject\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\josuper\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TesteDoisProject\TesteDoisProject\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\josuper\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TesteDoisProject\TesteDoisProject\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\josuper\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TesteDoisProject\TesteDoisProject\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\josuper\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TesteDoisProject\TesteDoisProject\obj\Debug\TesteDoisProject.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\josuper\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TesteDoisProject\TesteDoisProject\obj\Debug\TesteDoisProject.dll
c:\users\josuper\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TesteDoisProject\TesteDoisProject\obj\Debug\TesteDoisProject.pdb
